
Guidance Doc on Low Poly Car Pack Usage

I wanted to give a few insights from the development standpoint.

These vehicles each have (3) LODs. The highest LOD will be the vehicles without an LOD suffix
appended to their names. These will be your "garage" and first person driveable vehicles.

The LOD1 and LOD2 vehicles are designed to be AI or traffic vehicles. If you're not sure how LODs work,
basically a model will swap out to a lower resolution version based on a certain distance from the camera.
You would never use the LOD1 or LOD2 vehicles as driveable vehicles in most circumstances.
Exceptions I can think of are possibly orthographic camera based games where the player is already offset
a good distance from the camera.

If you are using Unity Pro, LOD Groups are the go to method for using and setting up LODs in your racing games.

If you are using a free license of Unity there are also solutions.
There are several LOD solutions that cost about $15 on the Asset Store. These are solutions that will work in the free license.

UniLOD is a well know free for commercial use solution as well.

http://forum.unity3d.com/threads/42524-UniLOD-BETA-Level-of-detail-and-streaming-support-UPDATE

If you are a bit of a programmer yourself it actually wouldn't be very hard to set up a simple script
to swap meshes based on the camera's distance from a certain mesh.

Your own game projects will use a specific scale set for your game. I've used real world meters and use an FBX import scale of 1.0 in Unity.
I've found sticking as close to real world scale as possible helps with smooth physics.

I've included a single Unity Package file for Unity users, that will allow a one button import of all models, textures, materials, etc.

I've also included the source Maya .MB files, OBJ files and FBX files. These will allow you all to import them into just about any game engine imagineable.

The textures are in PSD format to allow for simple editing to customize these cars to your liking. Currently the car color (paint) is a single layer near
the bottom of the PSD called Base Paint Layer. It uses a Color Overlay layer style to "color" that layer. 







